what do you guys think of these
terrorist attacks that are going on
crazy right it's tragic you know it's
sad to think that we live in a world
where individual liberties don't exist
across the board I mean everybody's an
advocate for a global unity but be
honest I don't see how that ever happens
considering my crap politics please
don't ask me about this please don't ask
me about this I have no idea what's
going on in the world freeing to say is
that extremist is another word for
lunatic yeah especially when you are
spreading your own craziness around in
someone else's country and try to
structure the least skipped right over
me I don't have a newspaper in my hand
so maybe they'll forget I'm even here
maybe I can make myself visible if I
concentrate hard enough Mike crap yeah
what do you think well for starters I I
think that I'm oh I'm out of coffee so
I'm gonna go get some few guys 1
milligram some she get get out go ahead
and get some
you know if you look through history
specifically history the Middle East
Islamic militants vs
okay politics politics come on love you
something facebook facebook yeah of
course somebody had to post so got a
political video here somewhere The Daily
Show okay Jon Stewart perfect not just
one football 11 footballs you're telling
me eleven out of twelve foot balls were
deflated yeah supposedly they were
checked you know two hours before the
game like they're supposed to be but I
don't know if you ask me something
fishy's going on over there what do you
think about that I know very few people
going to comedy as an act of courage
mainly because it shouldn't have to be
that it shouldn't be taken as an act of
courage it should be taking this
established law but those guys at he
veto had that and they were killed for
the cartoons what what are you talking
about politics well we're talking about
the super bowl yeah and where our
coffees where's your coffee the super
bowl I thought we were talking about
politics I left my coffee inside hold on
all right Super Bowl this shit easy he
turns down a six-year contract at 24
million a year for a seven-year contract
at 30 million dollars a year because
that's going to make his life that much
better Super Bowl xlix will be performed
at the university of phoenix stadium on
februar time deal with that what are you
doing talking about soup bowl no no why
do you keep going inside to Google your
contributions to this conversation wait
well I'm not what he is talking about
let me see the browser history on your
cell what no then at least tell us where
our coffees are well I mean I had him
you know there was a three hours
counting the specs on side of the pot
Mike we all know where to go on the
internet to find information if we want
to and if you don't want to talk about
something cuz you don't know anything
about it then just say that okay alright
so let's try this what do you want to
talk about
I don't know
you guys want to hear my mad lib yes
really yeah oh okay and the title is
talk like you're a pirate you can always
pretend to be a bloodthirsty turd
threatening everyone by waving your
crappy sword in the air until you
learned a fart like a pirate you'll
never be anally accept it as an
authentic poop stain so here's what you
do understanding six-year-olds stairs